---json
{"author":"Casey K","date":"Git created","title":"2024 You Could Make a Case For: Your Old Droog - &#x22;Movie&#x22;","timestamp":1740989632972,"tags":["your old droog","2024","you could make a case for","who?"],"layout":"layouts/post.njk"}
---
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RKOpb-fZdnI

Your Old Droog is the kind of rapper who can release a song with Denzel Curry and Method Man verses and a _Celebrity Death Match_-inspired music video in 2024 and still be someone you might not know exists; a weird mix of access to the ability to realize a creative vision and also criminal near-anonymity in the mainstream. I was made aware of him via his 2017 collaboration with Heems &#x22;Bangladesh&#x22;, a song I&#x27;ll probably dedicate at least one full post to at some point, and I did listen to the album it was on (_Packs_) a decent amount, but I somehow checked out for... 6 albums in 7 years after that?

_Movie_, from last year, has _Pretty Toney_-era decadence vibes. &#x22;I Think I Love Her&#x22; is a slick parasocial love song complete with a music video that feels like the perfect companion to Charli XCX&#x27;s &#x22;Boys&#x22; visual. &#x22;Mantra&#x22; addresses his upbringing as a Russian immigrant. &#x22;The Interview&#x22; is maybe the funniest skit I&#x27;ve heard on a hip-hop album since Prince Paul&#x27;s peak? &#x22;What Else&#x22; recalls Clipse&#x27;s &#x22;Mr. Me Too&#x22; with its confidence.

There&#x27;s also an incredible punch-in tactic at play on a handful of tracks on this album where Droog acts as his own... hype man, sort of? Because one of the things that he does is self-consciously shout &#x22;what?&#x22; or &#x22;who?&#x22; whenever he makes a reference that I guess he thinks is too obscure? It&#x27;s so funny and weird and charming and is honestly the best argument for why you should listen to this album, so I&#x27;ll stop there.
