---json
{"author":"Casey K","date":"Git created","title":"2024 Fringe Records - Bubble Love s/t","timestamp":1742659677188,"tags":["2024","the fringe","ross from friends","bubble love"],"layout":"layouts/post.njk"}
---
This is the first record in the &#x22;fringe&#x22; category that I&#x27;m posting in my will-probably-take-all-of-2025 2024 retrospective, so I&#x27;ll explain briefly that this category represents stuff that I had some vague appreciation for  but never quite &#x22;took to&#x22; in 2024. (For those keeping track, that makes the current category list for 2024 records: [&#x22;Safe Bets&#x22;](https://secretchoir.com/tags/safe-bets/), [&#x22;You Could Make a Case For&#x22;](https://secretchoir.com/tags/you-could-make-a-case-for/), and [&#x22;The Fringe&#x22;](https://secretchoir.com/tags/the-fringe/); there are 6 more categories making up my notes that I have yet to write any reviews from). I&#x27;ll be writing about &#x22;fringe&#x22; records either because they became more important to me in the months that followed or because I still have some nagging idea that there&#x27;s something _there_, even if I never found myself listening to the album regularly. This first one is a case where I&#x27;ve actually found myself reaching for it more in the first few months of 2025!

https://bubblelove.bandcamp.com/album/bubble-love

_Bubble Love_ took a while to grow on me because I wanted more [Tread](https://rossfromfriends.bandcamp.com/album/tread) and this is not that&#x2013;but of course it&#x27;s not, it&#x27;s even released under a different name! Tread&#x27;s tracks had this cool forward momentum to them; they were headed somewhere and I was getting to hear what happened along the way. This one in contrast simmers, perhaps giving the DJ the reins with any track selection to stay somewhere for a moment before their work takes people on to the next destination. The sampling simultaneously feels blunt and like a more restrained DJ Sabrina the Teenage DJ, and there are some gloriously 90s steel drum and panflute patches that sound like they come from a CD-ROM where a cartoon dog teaches you chemistry concepts. The &#x22;Love&#x22;/&#x22;Hate&#x22; combo is very good back to back, but I&#x27;m partial to &#x22;Ugly&#x22;
